README.md, before:

# wasp-codemod

This project provides codemods (programs that rewrite your code) for your
Wasp projects, for specific situations.

## Setup

`npm install`

## Usage

### Updating Wasp 0.11 imports to Wasp 0.12 imports.

Run
```
npm run imports-0-11 -- <path-to-your-wasp-project-src-dir>
```
to rewrite imports from Wasp version 0.11 to 0.12 in all the .js(x)/.ts(x) files.
This will change files on disk, so make sure that you have a way to restore them
to previous state in case you don't like the changes or something goes wrong
(ideally you have them versioned in i.e. git).

Example:
```
npm run imports-0-11 -- /home/martin/git/MyWaspProject/src
```

NOTE: `isPrismaError` and `prismaErrorToHttpError` from `@wasp/utils` stopped existing,
  and while we will remove that those imports for you, make sure to manually update any code that
  was using those imports.

NOTE: The only imports we don't automatically rewrite for you are `crud` imports.
  If you have any of those (they start with `@wasp/crud/`), make sure to rewrite them manually.
  New imports look like `import { NameOfYourCrud } from 'wasp/server/crud'` and
  `import { NameOfYourCrud } from 'wasp/client/crud`.

## For contributors

### Updating Wasp 0.11 imports to Wasp 0.12 imports.

Run
`npm run imports-0-11:test`
to do a dry run on test files in `test/` dir and print modified content of files on output.

There is also an output-* file(s) in `test/` so you can compare manually for expected output -> we don't yet have any automatic comparison set up.

Commit message:

Added rules for removing old auth imports that don't make sense any more.

README.md, after:

# wasp-codemod

This project provides codemods (programs that rewrite your code) for your
Wasp projects, for specific situations.

## Setup

`npm install`

## Usage

### Updating Wasp 0.11 imports to Wasp 0.12 imports.

Run
```
npm run imports-0-11 -- <path-to-your-wasp-project-src-dir>
```
to rewrite imports from Wasp version 0.11 to 0.12 in all the .js(x)/.ts(x) files.
This will change files on disk, so make sure that you have a way to restore them
to previous state in case you don't like the changes or something goes wrong
(ideally you have them versioned in i.e. git).

Example:
```
npm run imports-0-11 -- /home/martin/git/MyWaspProject/src
```

NOTE: Some imports stopped existing and there is nothing to rewrite them to, because they don't make sense any more
  (mostly due to big updates in Wasp Auth).
  We will remove those imports for you, but make sure to manually update any code that was using those imports.
  These are the following:
  - `import { isPrismaError, prismaErrorToHttpError } from '@wasp/utils'`
  - `import { defineAdditionalSignupFields } from '@wasp/auth/index.js'`
  - `import { GetUserFieldsFn } from '@wasp/types'`
  - `import { generateAvailableDictionaryUsername, generateAvailableUsername } from '@wasp/core/auth.js'`

NOTE: The only imports we don't automatically rewrite for you are `crud` imports.
  If you have any of those (they start with `@wasp/crud/`), make sure to rewrite them manually.
  New imports look like `import { NameOfYourCrud } from 'wasp/server/crud'` and
  `import { NameOfYourCrud } from 'wasp/client/crud`.

## For contributors

### Updating Wasp 0.11 imports to Wasp 0.12 imports.

Run
`npm run imports-0-11:test`
to do a dry run on test files in `test/` dir and print modified content of files on output.

There is also an output-* file(s) in `test/` so you can compare manually for expected output -> we don't yet have any automatic comparison set up.
